The detemplatize_manifest.sh script is primarily intended to generate manifest files, to be used
for creating a ConfigMap of manifest files that is used by the CTE-K8s Operator to deploy CTE-K8s.

The detemplatize_manifests.sh script runs the helm template command, for each chart version, to
get the manifest files with values for templatized fields substituted from values.yaml from the
respective chart version.

For instance, if the deploy/kubernetes dir has sub-directories 1.3.0, 1.4.0, 1.5.0 and latest, then 
the soft link "latest" is ignored. The script picks up files from deploy/kubernetes/1.3.0/templates,
substitutes the values in fields from deploy/kubernetes/1.3.0/values.yaml and writes them to the
dir custom_manifests/1.3.0. Same for 1.4.0 and 1.5.0 directories.

For deployment of CTE-K8s operator in a disconnected environment, please change the Image URLs for
each of the images in deploy/kubernetes/X.Y.Z/values.yaml and any other values that you want to
customize before running the script. This will avoid having to make changes some values repeatedly.
You would have already mirrored the CTE-K8s Operator catalog and related images to an internally
accessible image registry. This process woud have generated a file, "mapping.txt". For each image
in values.yaml, use the corresponding mapping URL image from mapping.txt file generated by mirroring

You can also make additional changes to custom_manifests/1.3.0/*.yaml per your requirements. For
instance you can add/remove tolerations, edit node affinity to the controller and/or nodeserver pod
manifests. These changes can be done directly to the custom manifests immediately after running the
detemplatize script.

Please follow the steps in CTE-K8s user guide to create a ConfigMap with the manifest before deploying.

!! WARNING WARNING WARNING !!

You have to ensure the accuracy and correctness of the changes to the manifests. Thales
takes no responsibilities for any inaccurate changes resulting in non-deployment of CTE-K8s.

!! WARNING WARNING WARNING !!
